# Omkar and Infinity Clock

Being stuck at home, Ray became extremely bored. To pass time, he asks Lord Omkar to use his time bending power: Infinity Clock! However, Lord Omkar will only listen to mortals who can solve the following problem:

You are given an array $a$ of $n$ integers. You are also given an integer $k$. Lord Omkar wants you to do $k$ operations with this array.

Define one operation as the following:

1. Set $d$ to be the maximum value of your array.
2. For every $i$ from $1$ to $n$, replace $a_i$ with $d−a_i$.

The goal is to predict the contents in the array after $k$ operations. Please help Ray determine what the final sequence will look like!

## Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of cases $t$ ($1≤t≤100$). Description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1≤n≤2⋅10^5,1≤k≤10^{18}$) – the length of your array and the number of operations to perform.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,...,a_n$ $(−10^9≤a_i≤10^9)$ – the initial contents of your array.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2⋅10^5$.

## Output

For each case, print the final version of array $a$ after $k$ operations described above.

## Example

### input

<pre>
3
2 1
-199 192
5 19
5 -1 4 2 0
1 2
69
</pre>

### output

<pre>
391 0
0 6 1 3 5
0
</pre>

## Note

In the first test case the array changes as follows:

- Initially, the array is $[−199,192][−199,192]. d=192d=192$.
- After the operation, the array becomes $[d−(−199),d−192]=[391,0][d−(−199),d−192]=[391,0]$.

## Solution

When