# Omkar and Waterslide

Omkar is building a waterslide in his water park, and he needs your help to ensure that he does it as efficiently as possible.

Omkar currently has $n$ supports arranged in a line, the $i$-th of which has height $a_i$. Omkar wants to build his waterslide from the right to the left, so his supports must be nondecreasing in height in order to support the waterslide. In $1$ operation, Omkar can do the following: take any **contiguous subsegment** of supports which is **nondecreasing by heights** and add $1$ to each of their heights.

Help Omkar find the minimum number of operations he needs to perform to make his supports able to support his waterslide!

An array $b$ is a subsegment of an array $c$ if $b$ can be obtained from $c$ by deletion of several (possibly zero or all) elements from the beginning and several (possibly zero or all) elements from the end.

An array $b_1,b_2,…,b_n$ is called nondecreasing if $b_i≤b_{i+1}$ for every $i$ from $1$ to $n−1$.

## Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1≤t≤100$). Description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1≤n≤2⋅10^5$) — the number of supports Omkar has.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,...,a_n$ $(0≤a_i≤10^9)$ — the heights of the supports.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2⋅10^5$.

## Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of operations Omkar needs to perform to make his supports able to support his waterslide.

## Example

### input

<pre>
3
4
5 3 2 5
5
1 2 3 5 3
3
1 1 1
</pre>

### output

<pre>
3
2
0
</pre>

## Note

The subarray with which Omkar performs the operation is bolded.

In the first test case:

- First operation:

  $[5,3,2,5]→[5,3,3,5][5,3,2,5]→[5,3,3,5]$

- Second operation:

  $[5,3,3,5]→[5,4,4,5][5,3,3,5]→[5,4,4,5]$

- Third operation:

  $[5,4,4,5]→[5,5,5,5][5,4,4,5]→[5,5,5,5]$

In the third test case, the array is already nondecreasing, so Omkar does $0$ operations.

## Solution